---
title: "1984"
tags:
  - Engelsk
  - noter
  - tekst
---
# George Orwell
George Orwell was born as Eric Arthur Blair, 25 June 1903 in Motihari, Bengal where Orwell's father was a British colonial civil servant.

when i was 1 he went back to England with mom and sister, dad came back in 1912

at the age of 8 he went to a boarding school. he was very intelligent and got a scholarship for Eton College. he was poor and went to Uni instead, he traveled a bit came back to England and became a left-wing writer

when the Spanish war broke out he went down to help. he joins Workers' Party of Marxist Unification, and fought against fascist 

Then later instead of joining the military he wrote for BBC, but because of increased censorship he left.

[Timeline of life](https://www.tiki-toki.com/timeline/embed/1521172/1182563884/%20-%20Highslide-NoStyle)

# Modernism
after WWI a lot of civil wars broke out
[LÆS](https://1984.systime.dk/?id=193)
# What is privacy
I don’t believe in privacy - I think watch dogs puts it best “privacy is so 2010”. Because everything is tracked, everything I say is kept safe somewhere. The government can look at what I do at any time, the Chinese can take all my data. Yes, it would be nice to have privacy but on the other side. I don’t really feel like I don’t have privacy, does that mean that just because it feels like you have privacy you do? No, I still now I don’t have any. But as that young person I am, I don’t really care. Privacy is for the old generation
